Founded in 2011, Mistaken For Strangers is a Washington, DC-based online independent publication focusing on new and upcoming music and artists, both locally and from around the world, without focusing on one specific style or genre. With feature articles, reviews, videos, new music, and show writeups, we aim to be your source for finding music that you enjoy.

We like good music. And we think you should too.


EDITORS

JADD ADAMS
is a buttoned-down accountant by day and flannel dressed music fan by night. He owns too many pairs of sunglasses and not enough pairs of pants. His lifetime goal is to summit Everest. He has played golf with the president… of Avis Rent-a-Car. He is currently taking applications for his favorite band and his favorite concert experience is when he saw God Ghostland Observatory at 9:30 Club for the first time.

KYLE CONRAD
is a graphic designer and indie music fanatic from Washington, DC. He was born on a Friday. He’s been to the emergency room in every place he’s ever lived. He has six tattoos. None of them involve tribal symbols or barbed wire. His favorite band is Okkervil River and his favorite concert experience was seeing LCD Soundsystem’s final show ever at Madison Square Garden.


CONTRIBUTORS

BRIAN COVINGTON
is a data analyst nerd with a propensity towards all that is weird in this world. He is a Washington, DC native on an endless quest to uncover the best local music, food, and people. His affinity for music knows no limits; he is just as comfortable at an MF Doom set in an abandoned warehouse as a Bon Iver show at 9:30 Club. His favorite album is a tie between The National’s Boxer and Pretty Lights’ Filling Up The City Skies.

CLAIRE MCCUE
is an odd mix of HR professional, photographer, and music lover. She lives in Pittsburgh and travels to new cities as often as possible to see her favorite bands’ shows. She believes in a hierarchy of musical deities and that music can be the most powerful medicine. She sold her TV to go to Coachella in 2010. Her favorite band is Spoon and her first concert was the Cranberries.

JAKE MARZOLF
is a DC architecting French-Italian from southern Virginia. His nickname is Jack and he was born on his mother’s birthday. He has one healthy achilles and has been known to freestyle into friends’ voicemail. His favorite band is The National and his favorite concert experience is a tie between Belle & Sebastian at the Electric Factory in Philadelphia and Broken Social Scene at the State Theatre in Virginia.

ARTICLES WEBSITE TWITTER EMAIL
