teWelcome to our website. Please take notice that by continuing to use or browse this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use which govern Mistaken For Strangers’s relationship with you in relation to this website.

The term “Mistaken For Strangers” or “MFS” of “Site” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.

The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.

Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. By your use of this site, you expressly acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.

Unless otherwise indicated, all Site materials, including, without limitation, the Site logo, and all designs, text, graphics, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof are the proprietary and copyrighted property of the Site. You may electronically copy and print to hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of using materials it contains for informational and non-commercial, personal use only. Any other use of the materials in this Site that originated from us — including any commercial use, reproduction for purposes other than described above, modification, distribution, republication, display or performance — without the prior written permission of us is strictly prohibited.

All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.

We retain the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and edit or remove any activity or Content that it deems in its sole discretion to be harmful to Users, us or the rights of any third party, or to violate any applicable law. This includes the right, but not the obligation, to remove any text or images uploaded by you that we deem in our sole judgment to be inappropriate or that we believe may subject us to any liability.

Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.

From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).

You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to this Site provided such link does not portray us or any of its services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner.

If you believe that any material on the Site infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, or that any link on the Site directs users to another web site that contains material that infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with contact@mistakenforstrangers.com.

You agree to indemnify and hold us, our parents, friends, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Site, the violation of these TOS by you, or the infringement by you, or any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.

Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website shall be subject to the applicable laws of the District of Columbia.